intense fighting continues in Gaza with
the battle's most intense in three
places in jabalia and Shay in the north
and KH Yunis gaza's second largest city
to the South today Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu described
the moment as the beginning of the end
for Hamas designated a terror
organization by the UK government our
International editor Jeremy bone
assesses what Israel's strategy may be
and its chances of
success taking cover on the road to T
from Rockets out of Gaza Aid sirens and
the activation of Israel's Iron Dome
anti-missile
system most of the time life looks
pretty normal here in central Israel but
everything changed with the 7th of
October attacks Their Fear shows the
depth of the collective trauma Hamas
inflicted on
Israelis Iron Dome took care of most of
the Rockets but one man nearby was hurt
the fact that Hamas can still attack
means that it is not
beaten we were going to tell aiv to see
the man on the left Amos yadlin a
veteran fighter pilot air force General
and former head of Israeli military
intelligence who still advises his
successors he insists Israel doesn't
kill Palestinians indiscriminately and
says the US and UK killed more civilians
in Iraq and Syria Israel is a having a
better ratio of terrorist to collateral
damage than the Americans and the Brits
has in musul and Raa what about the what
about the civilians so when I say a
collateral damage I'm speaking about the
civilians there are more civilians for
terrorist killed in musul and raaka than
in Gaza please go and check the numbers
why is it that the Americans your most
significant Ally are saying that Israel
is killing too many Palestinians
civilians they want it to be done
without any collateral damage without
any
humanitarian crisis if they have the
formula how to do it please help us to
have it this formula is not exist will
this lead to a lengthy Israeli
occupation of Gaza no we don't want to
occupy Gaza we don't want Hamas to be in
Gaza we don't want to occupy the Gaza
one reservation there will not be a
milit power that can repeat the seven of
October attack on
Israel and the future for wounded
civilians in gaza's last few overcrowded
hospitals may be amputations or death as
they're not getting the followup
treatment they need rafik aged 14
thought he'd die when he was hit in an
air strike in a district Israel said was
safe he has shrapnel in his body and he
can't get life-saving stomach surgery
here Rafi often vomits and he can't feel
his legs the love of his family might
not be enough to save
him alas Su has just been wounded for
the second
[Music]
time she says they cut my hand my
grandpa was killed my dad was shot and
my brother baso is
dead she's asked what she wants
a new
hand Jeremy Bowen BBC News Jerusalem